good here again new silver
analysis with 77 m
ah
for certain
and my partner who is recording
aggravating is me with the one who is
governed without blood
if you do not pay
something that wakes up
it's true and I'm on twitter is it is
playing your comment
A) Yes
since they theorize something
I will record more closely
I am getting tired
wrong
although they see it with the image of the little egg
if they are a similar others
as you know
yes but we have several mission decisions
it's already something
you do not believe
in addition also people saw you play
to you
the dispensers
what is happening is with him
yes
once
I have faith in you
It is very easy
let's wife doris
if you have already finished the entire campaign
downloadable
and it is something that should not end and
you finished
then as planned to use also
bills
here in beyond
Mother
if we have enough
add to that water any limit of
weather
you lack another idea of ​​something this is the
mind
to be able to finish
at that point of dying
to the salvation of america
good
you are good
judging part of the hobbit
in which the camera moves a lot is
because of plane I can not stand
we have two minutes
Martin
come montoneros
what happened to you
to
or not
before my intention
I do not want to scare you but you have little left
lifetime
and little time
good for its part the video you know
I'm a disappointment twitters researcher
we already changed the page of 6
neither to be a state
you know more in our videos I liked it
no live while the mother of dawn ni
even
a blow or a blow
that makes me interesting
do not
up to discuss
but we know that also bad things
the video is left
that other life